Nation: Dust Bunnies
Capital: Leporidae
Leader: Catherine Alankangas Vi Leporidae
Other heads of the States: Mikael (WarBunny) Asfelt, Karl (WereRabbit) Kollias.
Main Port: Rabbits Nest
Flag: Attached.
Colour: Hex #AE8D6F RGB 174,141,111
Government: Fallen Kingdom/ Kingdom
Press: State run, or nearly nonexistent N/A really
History: Described in lore txt. Location pertinent to the lore and events.
Vehicle Design Theme: Black Ships stealth ships- Tan colored walkers and helicopters with Tan and olive green striped camo. Heavy armor Accents.
Foreign Policy: Fiercely Jingoist, Will always support the "underdog" in international relations.
Dust Bunnies Lore: The Nation of Leporidae had borne no children for the past decade due to a sickness called Leporidge, which had swept through the Leporidaen genome and affected every Leporidaen. Due to their high libido, restraint had for many generations only been kept in check by the weight and responsibility of parenthood and Childbirth. But with that burden removed due to Leporidge, indulgence began to run unchecked, and the society slowly collapsed, and the population fell into hedonism and debauchery. In this time of desperation, a child is born to the King and the Queen of the barren Kingdom of Leporidae. The Queen dies in her Childbirth, while the King is left to rule and raise the child alone.

Many of the people of Leporidae believe that this child's birth is a sign that God will give them back the ability to procreate; although hope runs high, all children conceived in the next 15 years are stillborn. Catherine, the child born to the Queen, becomes blind shortly after birth. As years pass and spring comes, the Leporidaen race remains entirely infertile. 

Eventually, the King passes, and instead of passing on the throne to the heir apparent, the eldest son Damien, the King passes on the kingdom to Catherine, the heir presumptive, as a final gesture of hope that the kingdom's fertility will be restored under her leadership. Damien, driven by jealousy and greed, leads a coup against Catherine. As he plans the coup, he is beckoned by a demonic force, who claims to be his guardian Angel, and convinces him that he is the true Chosen One to save Leporidae through engineering a virgin birth (Project Madrigal). The demons manipulate Damien and cloak his ambitions in virtue, convincing him that Catherine is evil and has usurped the throne from him, although he is only driven by greed. He accepts the unholy master to feed his wraith and overthrow Catherine, the young Queen. 

	Damien soon convinces his followers that Catherine had used her Leukocoriac eyes to mind-control the King before his death and falsely inherit the throne. Further, Damien claims that he knows the key to ending the fertility crisis. 

	War breaks out, and Catherine's Castle is besieged for four weeks. Most of its loyal inhabitants starve and fight ruthlessly to protect Catherine. To end the bloodshed, Catherine offers to be taken prisoner by her brother. 

After the coup, the people rejoice, believing Damien to be their savior, although they have been deceived. Damien reveals Project Madrigal and selects five virgin women as candidates. The people toil and cling to hope, only to learn that the women would give birth not to children, but to demonic spawn that are humanoid in nature, but dysfigured chimeras, who would become known as "The sons of Madrigal", and become enforcers of Damien's tyrannical rule. Damien crushes rebellions and is generally hated by all Leporidaens. 

While in captivity, Catherine spends many nights conversing with one of Damien's cultists from her cell, Mikael. At first, Mikael lusts for Catherine, but eventually grows into a platonic relationship with her. Catherine shows Mikael grace and forgiveness, which allows him to unshackle himself from the guilt and slavery of allowing Damien and his demons to come to power. Mikael helps Catherine escape Damiens's Labyrinth, becoming the first Dust Bunny and Catherine's Knight. (War Rabbit).

Catherine gathers the last remnants of Leporidaen's resistance to overthrow Damien in a desperate counter-coup. During the counter coup, many of Damien's scientists betrayed him, including those who had worked on Project Madrigal and developed the Chinchilla, a walking battle tank made with synthetic tissues to operate its legs. Though only a prototype then, it would ultimately become the backbone of the Dust Bunnies' forces. The Dust Bunnies reach and assault the Castle without much resistance. Damien is gone, and many of his cultists have already vanished or committed suicide. In a vision from an angel, Catherine comes to understand that Damien has escaped to Easter Island, which contains the cure for Leporidge but is now defended by a superweapon, a remnant of Damien's regime. The cults Damien unleashed still prowl the rural savannahs and deserts of Leporidae. The Dust Bunnies must pick up the pieces of Leporidaen civilization and face Damien's Black Dragon, to save Leporidae before it's too late.

◢⠠⠕⠗⠙⠻⠎⠀⠯⠀⠔⠿⠍⠁⠰⠝⠀⠋⠇⠪⠀⠋⠀⠞⠕⠏⠀⠞⠕⠀⠃⠕⠞⠞⠕⠍⠆⠀⠮⠽⠀⠜⠑⠀⠞⠕⠀⠝⠀⠞⠕⠀⠆⠀⠗⠑⠔⠞⠻⠏⠗⠑⠞⠫⠀⠂⠀⠁⠍⠢⠙⠫⠂⠀⠕⠗⠀⠍⠕⠙⠊⠋⠊⠫⠀⠔⠀⠁⠝⠽⠀⠺⠁⠽⠲◤



