Nation Application

Nation: Federated Commonwealth of Merland and Romaine
Capital: Kronhaven / Port D'Argent
Main(ish) Port: Kronhaven

Flag: Do be attached
Colour: Hex: #B60900;  RGB: 182, 9, 0
Government: Dual monarchy
Heads of the States: Kytsar/Kytsari of Merland, Imperateur/Imperatrice of Romaine
Press: Much of the media is under the direct or, more commonly, indirect control of the states, be it through state ownership or mandated censorship.
History: A desperate Alliance born centuries ago from fear and a want to survive, that became something more. Today Romaine and Merland are, for all intents and purposes, inseparable with many administrative and governmental institutions shared across both nations, though both retain much of their distinct cultures, languages and customs, along with a small semblance of sovereignty.

In more recent memory, the Commonwealth has undergone a period of civil unrest, particularly notable in Romaine where the tensions had boiled over into violence to the point that the Common Army had to intervene. As a result, the ruling elite was forced into making concessions to the common people. Merland meanwhile has seen its old Kytsar die, and consequently has assembled an electorate. While this is quite a prestigious assembly and famous nation-wide, it has also caused much chaos in Merland and has yet to actually crown a Monarch.
Vehicle Design Theme: World War 2 era Ships, Planes and ground units, semi-realistic, though WW1 or early Cold War vehicles may also be found in their military.
Foreign Policy: Cautious expansionism. For now anyways.

The Dual Monarchy's succession laws,
Romaine has a relatively simple way of determining the next Imperateur or Imperatrice, as it is the primogeniture commonly found in other monarchies as well. However the reigning Monarch retains the right to determine a different child, apart from the oldest one, as their successor, under the condition that that child is an adult. In the last couple decades, civil unrest saw the last Imperateur Jules de Narville forced to abdicate in an attempt to calm the situation. In his place, Imperateur Edward L'Écuyer was chosen to rule the country. Unfortunately he has passed away recent years and now his daughter Altaria Orianna L'Écuyer sits atop the Silver Throne.

The succession in Merland is a bit more complicated, however, as upon the death of a monarch an electorate council is called to decide who will be the next Kytsar or Kytsari of Merland. This council is made up of all members of society, though the noble lords and ladies have far more influence and voting power then members of other estates. The time they take to determine the next Monarch can vary wildly, though usually the election concludes within a few months. The electorate council is not unlike a parliament electing their next head of state, and most of the time there is much debate, deliberation and sometimes even shady intrigue to be had in the council. The candidates also have a couple requirements they have to meet, such as being of noble blood, being an adult or not being older then 35 years (upon nomination as candidate).
With the death of the old Kytsar Friedrich von Greechen being long anticipated by this point, talks have already begun among the noble ranks, and it is becoming increasingly clear, that the next Kytsar will be the son of the Old Duke of Neunenbourghen, Leopold von Neunenbourghen (both carry the same name). So when the old and beloved Kytsar Fritz eventually dies, the elections are looking to be among the shortest in Merlands history.