[Religion],
The primary religion is that of the Clearwater Doctrine. The Doctrine originally started as a cult along the rivers of the mesas of Zanixl, owing to the fresh drinking water, as well as being spectacularly clear. Eventually a shrine was raised at the longest spanning river of the then petty kingdom. This shrine was then named “Catherine’s Well”, after the priestess who had organised and designed the original shrine.

The prevalence of the burgeoning societies upon multiple rivers caused it to grow in popularity, eventually being recognised formally as a religion proper by the kingdom when it had finally formed.

Clearwater Doctrine believes in the existence of the Water Goddess Brigid. Brigid is said to be responsible for the creation of humankind, raising them from the riverside and ushering them to live among the mortal world to prove their life’s worth before they give back to her, where she and her guardians and angels then judge them. 

Clearwater Doctrine states that there is;
A just cause to live. That there is strength in living despite everything.,
A just cause to improve. That the continual improvement of oneself is righteous and moral.,
A just cause to help others. That helping others is an improvement of one’s society and life.,
An afterlife to aspire to work towards. That after improving everyone else’s lives and enriching your own, there is a final judgement and reward for following the tenets.,
To love Brigid for her selflessness and hard work. She has brought about those upon Terja,

[Creation Myth]
It is said that the world, known as Terja within the texts, was shaped through the tireless work of one deity, known as Brigid. After forming Terja with clay, sand, fire and water she looked upon her work. Brigid continued to work, crafting the plants, insects and animals - each new species of flora and fauna a gift from her to the future devotees of her.

Worked to the bone, Brigid took it upon herself to craft one final piece before going back to the heavens.

An effigy of what would become humanity.
The effigies are said to be made from sand and reeds, woven into her likeness. There she imbued into them a fragment of her magic, the spark of life. There she severed her right hand with a sickle, tying it onto the body of humanity.

[Marriage & Funerals]
Marriage and funerals are commonly held by rivers or other sources of water such as waterfalls or ponds. Shrines commonly have a central dome with blinds, built in such a way that pulling the blind would reveal either the light side of Terja or the void of Terja. In opulent and larger shrines there would be stained glass and depictions of Brigid and the creation myth, shining a beautiful array of colours.

 Marriage is usually monogamous through culture. The blinds are pulled to reveal the light. The ceremony has changed throughout time - however it is common for the “femme” in the relationship to be gifted a sickle by their family and the “masculine” to bring something to represent their right hand. Divorce is settled by the sickle striking the representation of the right hand in court (or the hand itself, outside of a formal setting!).

Funerals have the person sent off downstream of a river, covered in canvas and reeds traditionally. It would be marked by pulling the blinds to the void of Terja, so that Brigid may see who they are receiving. Those who have done wrong, or who the priestesses have deemed insufficient in their efforts are set ablaze after a time either with a timed incendiary on a fuse, or a traditional flaming arrow striking a pitch-soaked torch. This would tell Brigid to carefully consider their actions, marking them as a shameful believer.

In the death of kings and queens past they were sent from the source of a river of their choosing, downstream, whereupon their previous advisors and members of the guild would follow along and give final gifts to each community they pass by along the way.